The 'yc config' command group lets you set, view and unset properties used by Yandex Cloud CLI.

Core properties:

      endpoint 
          string, Main Cloud API endpoint (host:port)

      token 
          string, OAuth token 'yc' should use for authentication. Can be overridden by using the global '--token' flag.
          Cannot be set at the same time as the 'service-account-key' and 'instance-service-account' properties. Setting one of them unsets the other.

      service-account-key 
          object, IAM Key issued for service account that 'yc' should use for authentication.
          Set from key file. See 'yc iam key create --help' for key create details.
          Cannot be set at the same time as the 'token' and 'instance-service-account' property. Setting one of them unsets the other.

      instance-service-account
          bool, indicating that 'yc' should use for authentication Service Account of Compute Instance where 'yc' is executed.
          See doc for yandex.cloud.compute.v1.CreateInstanceRequest.service_account_id for details.
          Cannot be set at the same time as the 'token', 'service-account-key' properties. Setting one of them unsets the other.

      organization-id 
          string, ID of the organization to operate on by default. Will be used, for example, in 'yc resource-manager cloud list' command.
          Can be overridden by using the '--organization-id' flag.

      cloud-id 
          string, ID of the cloud to operate on by default. Will be used, for example, in 'yc resource-manager folder list' command.
          Can be overridden by using the global '--cloud-id' flag.

      folder-id 
          ID of the folder to resolve names, list and create resources in by default. Can be overridden by using the global '--folder-id' flag.
          Cannot be set at the same time as the 'folder-name' property. Setting one of them unsets the other.

      folder-name 
          Name of the default folder to list and create resources in. Can be overridden by using the global '--folder-name' flag.
          Cannot be set at the same time as the 'folder-id' property. Setting one of them unsets the other.

      format
          string, default output format: text, yaml, json. Can be overridden by using the global '--format' flag.


Yandex Compute Cloud properties:

      compute-default-zone 
          Default availability zone to create instances, disks, or subnets in.


Usage:
  yc config <group|command>

Groups:
  profile     Manage configuration profiles

Commands:
  list        List configuration values
  get         Get value for the specified configuration property
  set         Set value for the specified configuration property
  unset       Unset value for the specified configuration property

Use "yc help [command]" for more information about a command and global flags.
